\" Copyright (C) 2003, 2004, 2005 Laboratoire de Recherche en Informatique
\"
\" This file is part of Qolyester.
\"
\" Qolyester is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
\" as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
\" of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
\"
\" Qolyester is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
\" GNU General Public License for more details.

\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.

.TH qswitchd 1 "June 2004" Linux
.SH NAME
qswitchd \- Qolyester
.SM OLSR
switch daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B qswitchd [\fIOPTION\fR]... \fIFILENAME\fR...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B qswitchd
is the Qolyester switch daemon.  It is used to make several Qolyester
instances communicate with each other on the same host, for simulation
purposes.  The mandatory argument is a \fB.dot\fR file describing the network
topology.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--switch-sockfile=FILENAME\fR
Set the filename to be used for communication with the Qolyester's switch.
This will be the same socket filename given as argument to qolsrswd.
.TP
\fB-T\fR, \fB--timestamps\fR
Print timestamps at each message line.
.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB--verbose\fR
Print various debugging messages.
.TP
\fB--error-file=FILE\fR
Set the file to which error messages are to be written.  By default,
error messages are printed on stderr.
.TP
\fB--warning-file=FILE\fR
Set the file to which warning messages are to be written.  By default,
warning messages are printed on stderr.
.TP
\fB--notice-file=FILE\fR
Set the file to which notice messages are to be written.  By default,
notice messages are printed on stderr.
.TP
\fB--dump-file=FILE\fR
Set the file to which debugging/illustrative dumps are written.  By
default, dumps are printed on stderr.
.TP
\fB--all-file=FILE\fR
Set the default file to which all dumps are written.  Other
\fB--*-file\fR options override this.
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Print brief usage instructions on stderr.
.TP
\fB-n\fR, \fB--no-detach\fR
Prevents the daemon from detaching from the control terminal.  This is
provided for debugging purposes.  If any of the \fB--dump-\fR... flags
is used, and any dump is to be written to stderr, \fB-n\fR is implicit.
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Print current version information on stderr and exit.
.TP
\fB--dump-state\fR
Dump the internal state every second.
.TP
\fB--dump-prof\fR
Prints the time in seconds spent in each event loop.
.TP
\fB--debug-trace=FILE\fR
Activates all the options required to produce a trace file used for bug
reporting.
.TP
\fB--dump-interval=MSEC\fR
Sets the state dump interval to \fBMSEC\fR milliseconds.
.SH BUGS
There are certainly lots of bugs left.  Please let me know.
.sp
Qolyester switch only runs on Linux kernel 2.4 series for the moment, porting
to *BSD is not my primary concern, but any external help in this
direction is welcome.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Ignacy Gawedzki <ig@lri.fr> and Benoit Bourdin <benoit.bourdin@fleming.u-psud.fr>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2004 Laboratoire de Recherche en Informatique.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There
is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH SEE ALSO
As of version 0.1, Qolyester conforms to the \f(SMOLSR\fR \f(SMIETF\fR
RFC 3626 which can be found at 
.BR http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3626.txt
'br
\&.

\fBqolsrd\fR(8)
